# IntegrationLogo

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Href** | **string** | The href to the absolute URL of the image. | 
**Id** | **string** | The image ID generated by the Image service. | 

## Methods

### NewIntegrationLogo

`func NewIntegrationLogo(href string, id string, ) *IntegrationLogo`

NewIntegrationLogo instantiates a new IntegrationLogo object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewIntegrationLogoWithDefaults

`func NewIntegrationLogoWithDefaults() *IntegrationLogo`

NewIntegrationLogoWithDefaults instantiates a new IntegrationLogo object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetHref

`func (o *IntegrationLogo) GetHref() string`

GetHref returns the Href field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHrefOk

`func (o *IntegrationLogo) GetHrefOk() (*string, bool)`

GetHrefOk returns a tuple with the Href field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHref

`func (o *IntegrationLogo) SetHref(v string)`

SetHref sets Href field to given value.


### GetId

`func (o *IntegrationLogo) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *IntegrationLogo) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *IntegrationLogo) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


